Ritchey Permissive License v16:

Definitions

1. Licensor means the legal entity whom holds Copyright, and related rights of a Creative Work, and is offering a license to it.
2. Creative Work means material the Licensor is licensing.
3. Licensee means the legal entity receiving a Creative Work under license, and accepting the license terms.
4. License Author means the legal entity who created the license, being used to license the Creative Work.

Offer

The Licensor hereby extends this license to any legal entity, which obtains a copy, or portion, of the Creative Work.

Grant of Permissions

Subject to the terms, and conditions of this license, the Licensee is granted royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive permission to do anything with the Creative Work, which does not violate any part of this license.

The license text is provided under the terms of this license.

Restrictions

1. Permissions granted don't include patent rights, with the following exceptions:
 1a. If sharing the Creative Work verbatim otherwise complies with this license, it can be done even with patented portions present.
2. Permissions granted don't apply to trademarks, with the following exceptions: 
 2a. If sharing the Creative Work verbatim otherwise complies with this license, it can be done even with trademarks present.
3. This license is automatically revoked permanently from the legal entity upon breach of the license terms, with the following exceptions:
 3a. If the Licensee breaches the terms of this license accidentally, the license is revoked, but the Licensee may accept the license again after 30 days.
4. The Creative Work, and any portions of it, must remain solely licensed under this license.
5. In the event of legal action, in relation to the Creative Work, neither the Licensor, or Licensee may be compensated, fined, or imprisoned.
6. If sharing the Creative Work, the Licensee is solely responsible for any consequences, and any withstanding obligations to the recipient. This includes: non-disclaimed warranties, non-disclaimed guarantees, any representations made, any promises made.
7. In order to accept this license, the Licensee must be capable of being bound to the entire license, and by accepting the license, agrees to be.
8. If any portion of this license is known by the Licensee to have been previously deemed unenforceable, by a court of law, in any applicable jurisdiction, the Licensee cannot accept this license. Furthermore, the Licensee must make an effort to determine this before accepting this license. If the Licensee has already accepted the license, and later discovers any portion has been deemed unenforceable, by a court of law, in any applicable jurisdiction, the license is immediately revoked.

Disclaimer

The Creative Work is provided "AS IS", without any warranties, guarantees, promises, or representations. No promises are made of fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement, or accuracy. The Licensor will not be liable loss, damage, illness, injury, or death, resulting from use of the Creative Work. Any use of the Creative Work is done at the Licensee's own risk.

Interpretation

1. If any portions of this license contradict the later portion shall overrule the previous.
2. This license is governed by the laws of the province of British Columbia (as they were on April 21, 2019), and the applicable laws of Canada (as they were on April 21, 2019). Any legal proceedings regarding the Creative Work may only occur in the courts of British Columbia, or Federal Court of Canada.

Non-Parties

The License Author isn't a party to the licensing agreement between the Licensor, and Licensee. As such, the License Author has no responsibilities, or liabilities with regards to their agreement.
